Create 2023-12-05-google-summer-of-code-a-call-for-mentors.adoc (#6906)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2023/12/2023-12-05-google-summer-of-code-a-call-for-mentors.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "[Google Summer of Code 2024] A Call for Mentors"
tags:
- gsoc2024
- community
- contribute
authors: 
- krisstern
- alyssat
- gounthar
- jmMeessen
description: >
  A short summary to recruit gsoc mentors.
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2023/12/gsoc-call-for-mentors.png
---

image:/images/post-images/2023/12/gsoc-call-for-mentors.png[Google Summer of Code call for mentors., role=center, float=center]

> We are happy to announce that Jenkins is preparing to participate in its ninth (9th) year in Google Summer of Code (GSoC).

Reviewer: 🤔 I don't come on the same count. Based on the list of years Jenkins participated (bottom of the page), I count 7 participation to this date. So this would be our 8th participation.
A detail and can be fixed afterwards.

> We are happy to announce that Jenkins is preparing to participate in its ninth (9th) year in Google Summer of Code (GSoC).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce that Jenkins is preparing to participate in its eighth (8th) year in Google Summer of Code (GSoC).
```
Updating based on @jmMeessen suggestion

GSoC project ideas are coding projects that potential GSoC contributors are expected to accomplish in about 10-22 weeks.
The coding projects can be new features, plugins, test frameworks, infrastructure, graphical interface, etc.
If you don't have a specific project idea, please consider being a mentor for one of link:https://www.jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2024/project-ideas/[these project ideas]. 
If you have a specific project in mind, please send us your project ideas before the beginning of February, so they can get a proper review by the GSoC committee and by the community.
Of course, we would love it if you were the mentor for your project idea.

== How to submit a project idea

Create a pull request with your idea in a .adoc file in the link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/tree/master/content/projects/gsoc/2023/project-ideas[project ideas].
It is not necessary to submit a Google Doc, but it will still work if you want to do that.
Refer to the link:https://www.jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/proposing-project-ideas/[instructions] on submitting ideas which include an .adoc template and some examples.

> == Need more inspo?

Reviewer: This is an expression I never heard or encountered. Is this correct? Maybe we could chose a more common/widely known expression (ex: "need more inspiration?"). WDYT?
